All right, so let's go ahead and get started and put together this main screen here.
There's a lot of things, but are we going to start slow as we always do?
Let's start with the top.
I think that's always helpful.
All right.
So we are going to get rid of our weather app bar.
Let's also get rid of that.
Let's focus on main screen.
So back to our main content here.
Instead of just having that, we're going to get rid of that.
That was just for us to do some testing to see if indeed we're getting data, which we are.
So let's move on.
All right.
So I'm going to create a column here first, because everything, as you see here, it's going to be
top to bottom, right?
All of the data, all of the widgets, for the most part, anyway.
And before we move forward here, it's for a column.
I'm going to put a modifier modifier and I'm going to say padding for this modifier for dpi.
And when they fill max with.
I feel the entire width, and then I'm going to make sure that a vertical arrangement is going to be
center, I snatch and horizontal alignment.
I want to be centered horizontally.
That will take care of everything.
We need to make sure that everything is nicely laid out.
All right.
So inside now.
I'm going to put a text to this tax here will have this top part here, which says Monday, November,
so the date essentially, all right.
So for now, they text and give some sort of say November.
29TH, something like this.
OK.
And let's go and execute a style.
Topography, you know, going to make it a caption, so, you know, not too large.
Let's give a color.
They colors and on the secondary as such.
Right, and let's give the font weight.
And I want to say my bold so us time, say my bold like this and let's give it a modifier.
I say modifiers such and I want to padding about six dpi all around.
All right.
Very good.
Now at the bottom there, I'm going to add this, create this structure.
So if you see this structure is a circle and inside we have all of these other structures, other widgets
so we can use different kinds of composable.
But the one that I always like to use is surface because it's a more malleable, easy to customize canvas,
if you will.
OK, so once they surface.
And we're past modifier.
Give you a patting of about four deep,
and I'm going to give a size in overall size of about 200 deep.
It's a size 200 such.
And for that?
Let's see.
Oops, I'm making a mess here.
Let's go like that, and I'm going to say, actually, I'm just going to put it, come on and give a
shape because I want this to be circular as you see it.
Like that so we can pass a shape.
Let me circle.
Shapely, not very good.
And it looks like we need to import size somehow.
And inside you will see that we will need some sort of a column because we have all of these other widgets
lined up vertically.
OK.
So when you put your column?
And I want this to vertically be aligned arrange should say center and.
Horizontally, I want to line this center horizontal horizontally.
I just see.
And then I'm going to add an image here, which we'll get into later.
But before let's go ahead and add a text, so I'm going to add a couple of texts, actually.
So again, we're trying to emulate this or this text in that second one.
So the first one, I'm just going to put something like for like this.
And let's give it a style
typography.
It's going to be a little bit larger, so H-4 and give a font weight of extra bold like that.
OK.
And this one.
It's going to be a description image as a snow for now, we're going to add the actual text later say
font style, say font italic.
That's what I want.
All right, let's go ahead and give it a rain and let's go ahead and give it a quick run.
OK, there we go.
We have at the top there's November 29th and 56 snow and so forth, so it looks kind of like this.
We're missing a few things, of course, but we're getting there now.
We need to.
Obviously, there is that circle there, but we have don't have that background.
So we need to add the background color holidays so we can see it.
All right, so after our shape.
I'm going to say color, and in this case, I'm going to use constructing actual color with hacks like
this, and I'm going to say zero x f f f f c for zero zero.
Now I know these colors, of course, because I've created them before.
But what one thing I do is whenever we want to add color and you don't know the Colorado was trying
to test things out.
You can just put any gibberish or not gibberish, but a an actual hex color.
And then you can see the got it here, you can click and this tool.
Opens up here, or you can actually start choosing around the color that you want.
So it's really handy, especially when you're trying to figure out what colors you want.
All right.
So this is the one we're going to use.
And let's go ahead and run and see if indeed we're going to see.
What are we looking for?
OK, there we go.
We have our circle looks really nice, just like that.
All right.
Very good.
So the next thing we want to do, of course, is to get the image.
So something like this now, it's not going to be a general image, it's going to be an image that we're
going to be getting indeed from our API.
Now where is that image?
Because you look at here, you don't see an image.
However, you see certain clouds.
If you go to the weather array here, there's an object.
This object has the main in description or description of the weather that day.
And there there is this icon and is a code.
Now we can use that code to create or to retrieve an image, and that is actually somewhere else.
So you can use this code and paste into a URL, right?
And then we're going to get an image.
Now, where is that?
Well, let's go.
If you go to this link, open weather map there or image and and let's say 10 D, for instance.
That P and G hit enter.
And you can see we get an icon image, it's very small.
It's hard to see, but it's there.
So this is what we're going to be using, right?
So the idea is we are going to create another composable with this, of course, with this URL and we're
going to just pass these codes.
We're going to append these codes 10d and so forth to pass that along.
Right.
All these codes, of course, we're going to get from our API.
We're going to pass that along and get that image.
So for image here, I'm just going to invoke a different composable we haven't created called this whether
state image like this and going to patch, we are going to pass an image your al, which we're going
to get from image.
URL, let's go ahead and create this imagery out at the top here.
This and we understand we need to have panned a few things here.
The first thing we're going to hand is going to be.
The actual image, but then I'm going to say that the energy, so here, I'm going to hand that code.
Where do we get that code for our image?
We can see the code for images inside of a weather and inside of this object.
As I said before, and we're going to go to Icon, so we need to get that code so that again, we can
append that inside there and that eight and then that pkg to get that correct image.
All right, so well, how do we get that?
Well, we have our data here.
It's a weather object, which is convenient when, say, data and let's go ahead to.
I want to list in what I'm going to do because is a list which means contains indices, right?
It's a list containing objects of whether in this case forecast whether I'm going to just go ahead and
focus on getting the first item, the first list or index.
That is so in this case, I'm going to go ahead and get this first one there because this is going to
be today.
Right?
And I'm going to peruse through it weather and get the icon.
All right.
OK, so I get to the first object for today, data or weather, and then I'm going to go and get weather
and it's indeed a list or rain, but I also get the first.
It's also another list or race, or I'm going to get the first index item there, which is going to
be this object here.
There's only one, right?
And then I'm going to get the icon.
All right.
So right zero there, and then I'm going to go ahead and see icon like that.
And I'm going to paint the pudgy looks like it isn't like God.
It's OK.
Remove unnecessary.
Very good.
So there we go.
So we have the image URL, which will be called inside of her image, whether state image, which we
haven't created.
OK, but I'm going to create that.
So this composable, of course, takes in that string URL to show the image.
The reason why we are breaking things down is because we may want to use this, whether state image
again and somewhere else.
So putting it this way, it's way better than hard coding everything.
So in this case, I'm going to just use image like this now.
We have to be careful.
We're going to use the image for coil because remember, it's an image coming from a URL, which means
coming from an internet.
So it's much easier using a coil library dependency, which deals with all of other things that we don't
want to deal with when it comes to getting images from the internet.
Image painter like that in the here, I'm going to say, remember image painter?
This is important.
And that's why we passed the request, which is going to be our image.
You l d URL in this case or description icon image.
It looks like it doesn't like this.
That's just not at the request, just past the imagery like that.
OK?
It's much better because that was a an argument that it wasn't be recognized.
So just remove that just past imagery.
OK, and then I'm going to pass a modifier here or quick to modify the sizes.
So modifier size.
I'm going to make this about ADP, OK?
So this whether state image now has been called there, we passed the image URL and of course, coil.
You now know this quarrel because if you hover over, you can see you can do it again.
You can see it says from Io Coil.
Katie, this is very important because it deals with everything in the background to get an image to
show.
All right, let's see if this works.
Let's go ahead and run.
Well, doesn't look like the image is showing maybe there's a space in here, perhaps.
Let's see.
There we go.
So that was a little space there.
Don't add spaces because as you know, that creates issues.
And there we go, there is that image.
All right, this icon very well.
So again, like I said, we can always use the weather state anywhere we want, and then we passed the
URL and life is good.
And as you see, we have that image and that is, of course, dynamic depending on the state or in this
case, depending on the city.
Right.
It should change if I come up here and see Moscow, for instance, let's go ahead and run.
Hopefully, we should see something different unless in Moscow, the conditions are the same as Portland.
That could happen, but I doubt it.
And while I can see in my school is indeed snowing.
All right.
Very good.